OSDOCS-16941: DITA abstracts — OLM catalog/config topics (#115366)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/sd-olm-removing-catalogs.adoc

[id="sd-olm-removing-catalogs_{context}"]
= Removing custom catalogs

[role="_abstract"]

> To remove a custom Operator catalog from {product-title}, you can delete the related `CatalogSource` object from the web console as an administrator with the `dedicated-admin` role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an administrator with the `dedicated-admin` role, you can remove custom Operator catalogs that have been previously added to your cluster by deleting the related catalog source.
```
